Mention fs.mkdir's behavior with existing directories in docs. (#27505)
nodejs/node: doc/api/fs.md

The optional `options` argument can be an integer specifying mode (permission
and sticky bits), or an object with a `mode` property and a `recursive`

> property indicating whether parent folders should be created. Calling `fs.mkdir`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
property indicating whether parent folders should be created. Calling `fs.mkdir()`
```

> with a path to a directory that exists results in an error an error only

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
with a path to a directory that exists results in an error only
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when `path` is a directory that exists results in an error only
```

The optional `options` argument can be an integer specifying mode (permission
and sticky bits), or an object with a `mode` property and a `recursive`

> property indicating whether parent folders should be created. Calling `fs.mkdir`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
property indicating whether parent folders should be created. Calling `fsPromises.mkdir()`
```

(May require line-wrapping.)

> with a path to a directory that exists results in an error an error only

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
with a path to a directory that exists results in an error only
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with a `path` to a directory that exists results in an error only
```

Reviewer: Is "results in an error" the right phrasing for a promise-based API?
